https://codepen.io/cory-scofield/pen/qBaJpGJ?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML describe to the browser and developer whats what.

    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML is the website framework and is a mark up language.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes provide additional information about the elements, and they follow after.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is only used for the title  and one is permitted.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        The metadata

    7. What is an id?
        id is an attribute that can only be used once to specify a unique html element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        only one to semantic tags

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        Once

    10. What is a class?
        A class is like an id but can be used by multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        semantic elements like h1-h6, p, section, etc. anything to make an element unique

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        As many times as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
         its data to describe what the image is and for screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id?
        use the # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is for connected content and a div is an empty container just dividing content

    17. What is CSS used for?
        CSS makes html look appealing

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        In css type the desired tag followed by a forward facing curly brace

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class is for an element to be used multiple times and an id is used once. If you need to add say a 
        :hover tag in addition to other things that you don't want to be activated when hovering over it then
        you'd use a class. An id I'd use when I want a single element to take the style.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        with the . symbol preceeding the name of the element

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
         a child selector is used to match all the elements that are a child ofa specific element.
         Used for formatting a specific set of children in a list.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        I looked this up and couldn't figure it out for the life of me.

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword that you add to a selector for a special state, like :hover 
        
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        use the line-height attribute

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:   ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        transform-text:   ;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style: 1px dotted;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        body:

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm theres no prompt double checking your decision and when its gone its gone

    34. Why should I use version control?

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        often

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork it, clone it so you have a copy, branch make it your copy, add to add changes to staging area
        commit is used to describe the changes made, and then push it to the remote.